# Early-Alzheimers_Prediction
Alzheimerâ€™s disease (AD) is a progressive neurodegenerative 
disorder that affects millions of people worldwide and has no 
cure. Early diagnosis of AD can help patients and their families 
to plan for the future, access appropriate care and support, and 
participate in clinical trials that may slow down the disease 
progression. In this paper, we review the current state of the art 
in using machine learning techniques for early detection of AD, 
and identify the challenges and opportunities for future 
research. We first provide an overview of AD and its diagnosis 
criteria. We then describe the main types of data and features 
that can be used for early detection of AD, such as structural 
MRI images, cognitive tests, or biomarkers, and the machine 
learning techniques that can be applied to them, such as 
classification, regression, clustering, or dimensionality 
reduction. We also compare and evaluate the performance and 
limitations of different machine learning techniques for early 
detection of AD using various evaluation metrics and criteria. 
Finally, we discuss the implications and applications of using 
machine learning techniques for early detection of AD, and 
suggest some directions for future research. We hope that this 
paper will inspire and inform researchers, practitioners, and 
policymakers who are interested in using machine learning 
techniques for early detection of AD, and contribute to the 
advancement of this important and promising field.
